# Relay ## DescriptionThis API contains all the functions necessary to control the module with two relays.There are two methods: one to set the status of the first relay and the second one to set the status of the second relay.## Details- `void relay1(uint8_t statusRelay1)`: This method is responsible for set the status of the first relay.- `void relay2(uint8_t statusRelay2)`: This method is responsible for set the status of the second relay.  # Changelog## Version 1.0.2:### DescriptionThe representation of the user functions in the `Rele.emic` file has been modified to fix minor errors in the type conversions. ### Fixes.- Implemented a new representation of the user functions in the `Rele.emic` file.- Modified the enumeration of relay states.### Files Modifies- Rele_v1.0.2.emic (Previous version: 1.0.1)- Rele_v1.0.1.h (Previous version: 1.0.0)- Rele_v1.0.1.h (Previous version: 1.0.0)- 01_INICIO.emic (From Relay module)## Version 1.0.1:### DescriptionSeveral minor errors from the initial release have been fixed in this version.### Fixes.- There was an error in the module file `01_INICIO.emic` where the path to the PCB file was incorrect.- The name of the function `Relay2` was displayed incorrectly in the script. It was shown as `Relay.relay1` instead of `Relay.relay2`.### Files Modifies- Rele_v1.0.1.emic (Previous version: 1.0.0)- 01_INICIO.emic (From Relay module)## Version 1.0.0 - Initial Release:### DescriptionFor this initial version, we started from what was available in the previous version of the EMIC system (repository `Interpreted`), then we adapted the code to be compatible with the new version and the use of current resources.### Changes- The use of the interpreter and its resources (ptr_param, n_parama, etc.) has been removed.- The pin definitions in the PCB file have been adapted to the new GPIO format.- The toggle action is indicated by '2' instead of 'T' in the scripts.